Massive documentation fixes + copy editing (#15747)
nim-lang/Nim: doc/drnim.rst

This document describes the usage of the *DrNim* tool. DrNim combines
the Nim frontend with the `Z3 <https://github.com/Z3Prover/z3>`_ proof

> engine, in order to allow verify/ validate software written in Nim.

Reviewer: Why remove space before `/`, and not also after it?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
engine, in order to allow verify/validate software written in Nim.
```

        swap a[t], a[t-1]
        dec t

> Unfortunately, the invariants required to prove this code correctly take more

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unfortunately, the invariants required to prove that this code is correct take more
```
I'm not 100%, but maybe this was the intended meaning here?

Reviewer 2: Or even
```suggestion
Unfortunately, the invariants required to prove the correctness of this code take more
```
